feat: add option to ignore chrome preferences (#29447)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- See the ../guides/writing-the-cypress-changelog.md for details on writing the changelog. -->
## 13.10.0

_Released 5/21/2024 (PENDING)_

**Features:**

> - Added an `IGNORE_CHROME_PREFERENCES` environment variable to ignore Chrome preferences when launching Chrome. Addressed in [#29332](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/29332).

Author: ```suggestion
- Added an `IGNORE_CHROME_PREFERENCES` environment variable to ignore Chrome preferences when launching Chrome. Addresses [#29330](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29330).
```
